Let's start with I don't share many plugins because I am not good at describing them, not good at
documentation and not good at having patience. I know my limitations. Although this can be used 
with command lines I am only explaining how it works with LibsHungergames.

You set a few lines of config, or leave it as the defaults doing a decent job and you will
have random chests with random loot on your maps. You can adjust how many, and it
scales according to how many players there are in the match. You can predefine some chest
locations and their contents or let it be random. And by random I mean, I use the same
items you already configured for LibsHungergames.

What it does. 

1) When the world is loaded it scans the area defined in the config.yml file, finding
any Trapped Chests. Any it finds gets record along with the contents then promptly removed from the
map.

2) When the game starts. Chests that were found get filled first, using information from the
config and the number of players. The contents of these chests would come from their contents
when found, if there were no contents then random stuff goes in there.

3) Still as the game starts. If more chests are needed random spots are used, within the boundries
specified in the config file. Contents are random.

If you use preconfigured maps you get a lot of control over the chests. If not, then just deal with random
chests, it works very well too.



config.yml file ...

confignum: 2				A useless version number that I currently ignore
chunkminx: -11				The lowest X-Axis Chunk to populate with chests
chunkmaxx: 11				The highest X-Axis Chunk to populate with chests
chunkminz: -11				The lowest Z-Axis Chunk to populate with chests
chunkmaxz: 11				The highest Z-Axis Chunk to populate with chests
chunkbuffer: 2				the amount of chunks 0,0 (spawn) not to put chests 0=none, 1=just chunk 0/0
chestoverallmin: 13			The Minimum number of chests to place on the map
chestoverallmax: 120		The Maximum number of chests to place on the map
randomchestmin: 4			Always use at least this many random chests.
chestperplayermin: 3		Minimum number of chests to put on the map per player
chestperplayermax: 8		Maximum number of chests to put on the map per player
slotperchestmin: 0			The least number of slots to fill per chest
slotperchestmax: 6			The maximum number of slots to fill per chest
slotperplayermin: 0			The minimum number of slots to fill per player, per chest. (double, not int)
slotperplayermax: .4		The maximum number of slots to fill per player, per chest.



